


Requirements

-- Python 2.2.1 or higher for fluazu-daemon
   (http://www.python.org)

-- Azureus 2.5.0.0 or higher with the XML/HTTP Plugin
   * Azureus (http://azureus.sourceforge.net)
   * XML/HTTP Plugin
    (http://azureus.sourceforge.net/plugin_details.php?plugin=xml_http_if)



Setup

1. Install your Azureus-Server. The Azureus-Server must share the filesystem
   with the frontend-server and the fluazu-daemon. (assume we use same machine
   from now on so host is "localhost")

2. Install the XML/HTTP Plugin in Azureus. Plugin-Settings as follows:
   Note: this is only an example (ongoing "localhost"-setup), you can setup the
         plugin-options as you like. only required plugin-setting is "Mode"
         which needs to be set to "full" (full is default)
   Port: 6884 (default is 6884)
   Protocol: http (default is http)
   Mode: full (default is full)
   Access: local (default is local)
   Enable Password: false (default is false)

3. Start the Azureus-Server. Use the same user/group as the webserver runs.

4. Login to torrentflux-b4rt webinterface as admin-user.
   + admin
     + transfer
       + fluazu-settings
   Enter Azureus-Server settings in the Form and save.
   Note: this is only an example (ongoing "localhost"-setup), enter the
         settings of the Azureus-Server you setup and started in 1.-3. here.
   Host: localhost
   Port: 6884
   Secure: false
   Username: none (leave empty)
   Password: none (leave empty)

5. Start fluazu-daemon
   + admin
     + transfer
       + fluazu-settings
   Just click the start-button, fluazu will startup and connect to the
   Azureus-Server. After it is connected this page will show an additional
   form which makes it possible to see and set some settings in the Azureus-
   Server (eg global bandwidth- and connection-limits)

6. Use it like you do with any other torrent-client in tfb, just use "azureus"
   as torrent-client



Limitations

Due to the Design there are some Limitations and therefore some features are
not available when using Azureus as client for a torrent-transfer.
(all features that depend on process-list or netstat-per-transfer-code)
- transfer-hosts does not contain any connection-information.
- process-list based transfer-list in superadmin does not include these
  transfers. force-stop is also not possible.
- maintenance (auto-restart of a died transfer-client-process) is not working
  for these transfers.

